Google UX Design Certificate


Sample user bios


Elliot
Age: 44
Education: Culinary school graduate
Hometown: Omaha, Nebraska
Family: Lives with partner
Occupation: Cook


Elliot is a line cook who lives in a small city and mostly works in the evenings. During the daytime, Elliot does an online data analytics bootcamp for 3-4 hours to learn a new employable skill. He usually does the bootcamp from local coffee shops or co-working spaces since his partner works from home and is in meetings all day. The bootcamp is expensive, so Elliot is trying to save money on food and transportation. 


Elliot’s priority is balancing work and studies with quality time spent on his hobbies and with loved ones.


Leah
Age: 42
Education: Doctor of Medicine (MD)
Hometown: Newport, Rhode Island
Family: Single, lives alone
Occupation: Doctor


Leah is a doctor with a busy and demanding schedule. She works unpredictable shifts in a mid-size hospital, and swims for a local semi-professional team. Leah has a visual impairment for which she uses screen reader technologies. This technology makes using apps and websites much more convenient for Leah, but not all apps and websites are optimized for screen reader usage. 


Leah cares a lot about being available to her patients and is often taking appointments at the last minute. She would like to be able to spend as much of her non-work time as possible on her hobbies and personal life. Leah would like for there to be an easier and efficient way to order food, groceries, and personal care items to pick up on-the-go. 


Joseph
Age: 20
Education: Enrolled in online college classes
Hometown: Nairobi, Kenya
Family: Lives with their mother, father and one younger sibling
Occupation: Full time student


Joseph is a recent immigrant to the United States who is enrolled in online college classes and is also taking classes at a night school for learning English. He can read English well, but sometimes encounters difficulties at restaurants or while out running errands, where shopkeepers tend to speak very quickly and limited translation options are available. Joseph is passionate about sports and the outdoors, and wants to explore what his neighborhood has to offer. 


Joseph’s priority is balancing his studies with fun, while also having time to look after his younger sibling when his parents are at work.


Alfie
Age: 30
Education: University graduate
Hometown: San Jose, California
Family: Single, lives alone
Occupation: Senior accountant


Alfie is a mid-career professional who was recently promoted in their job at a large accounting firm. They live in the suburbs on the outskirts of a large city. They enjoy the nightlife and social life that San Jose has to offer, but may not be able to find as much time for those activities as they take on more responsibilities at work.


Alfie wants to make their team proud, level up their skills and forge positive relationships at work so they are in good shape for another promotion in a year or two.